Eight feet of aura
It's like poetry and horror.
This Primordial Heavenly Spirit Tablet
It has been more than 200 years without eight epiphanies
The last time it erupted eight times, it was still the sect master
When I first entered the sect
Cold Saintess
It's not something I can handle later.
Alert the sect master
Yes!
The talent of such a monster
As long as it doesn't die
It represents an eighth-grade master
Even the birth of the ninth-rank five emperors?
Please also invite the cold saintess
Go and report to the master
Ah!
That's not possible.
According to legend, this ancient Qianling monument
The patriarchs of Nechuang received it from outside heaven
Since the founding of Cangnan Gate
In three thousand years, only the master and master have to be
This forest was erupted nine times
Doesn't that mean that Ye Wuji's bone talent
It has already raped its ancestors
The Primordial Heavenly Spirit Monument erupted 9 times
This thing
It's way beyond our control.
I'm going to report to the sect master
No, I'm already there.